---
layout: post
title: EWUU fourth meeting - Modeling
published: true
---

Before the meeting, please read
- [Mallick H, Rahnavard A, McIver LJ, Ma S, Zhang Y, Nguyen LH, et al. (2021) Multivariable association discovery in population-scale meta-omics studies. PLoS Comput Biol 17(11): e1009442.](https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1009442)
- [Saritha Kodikara and others, Statistical challenges in longitudinal microbiome data analysis, Briefings in Bioinformatics, Volume 23, Issue 4, July 2022, bbac273](https://doi.org/10.1093/bib/bbac273)


***Time and location***

Monday 12th of June starting from 10:00 to 16:00 at the TU Eindhoven campus, Neuron building, room 0.262 (Map below). 

For those of you familiar with the TU/e campus this building used to be called Laplace. If you enter Neuron via the main entrance; walk past the stairs and the room is the first lecture room on your right.


***Agenda with approximate times***

10:00 - 10:15    Coffee and welcome

10:15 – 10:30   Recap of May 16th meeting

10:30 – 11:30   Overview of the use of linear mixed models and generalised linear models in  microbiome data analysis.

11:30 – 11:45   coffee break + networking

11:45 – 12:45   Discussion paper: [Multivariable association discovery in population-scale meta-omics studies](https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1009442).

12:45 – 13:55   Lunch + networking

14:00 – 14:45   Presentation [Dr Evgeuni Levin](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=XWWNM_wAAAAJ&hl=en): “Deep and interpretable models for microbiome data analysis”

14:45 – 15:00   Coffee break + networking

15:00 – 16:00   Discussion paper: [Statistical challenges in longitudinal microbiome data analysis](https://doi.org/10.1093/bib/bbac273)

***Practical information***

_Route to TU/e_
By public transport: TU/e is located approximately a 5min walk from Eindhoven Centraal station. Take the Noordzijde Universiteit exit from the station, to your right you will see the Kennedyplein walkway, walk along the Kennedyplein until you come to a junction marked with a statue of bowling pins. Cross the road in the direction of the Professor Doctor Dorgelolaan and you will be on the TU/e campus. From here follow the map below to the Neuron Building.
By car. The entrance to the TU/e carpark is located just off the John F  Kennedylaan. Please enter Den Dolech 2 in your navigation system. If you are planning to come by car please let me know if advance so I can arrange passes for the car park.
 
_WIFI_: Eduroam is available; also Tue Guest WiFi.
 